Fix: DOC: Explain how to opt-out of boot image update in 4.18 (#93241)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/mco-update-boot-images-disable.adoc

  managedBootImages: <1>
    machineManagers: []
----

> <1> Remove the parameters  that are listed under `machineManagers` and add the `[]` characters to disable the updating of boot images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Remove the parameters listed under `machineManagers`, and add the `[]` characters to disable boot image updates.
```

Just a suggestion to remove passive voice from the sentence. Also, there's a double space between _parameters_ and _that_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> Remove the parameters listed under `machineManagers` and add the `[]` characters to disable boot image updates.
```

@shreyasiddhartha comma is not necessary here. Looks good overall.
